Remove the Serverless label from ILM docs (#1531)
elastic/docs-content: manage-data/lifecycle/data-tiers.md

A *data tier* is a collection of [nodes](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/node-settings.md) within a cluster that share the same [data node role](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/node-settings.md#node-roles), and a hardware profile that’s appropriately sized for the role. Elastic recommends that nodes in the same tier share the same hardware profile to avoid [hot spotting](/troubleshoot/elasticsearch/hotspotting.md).

> :::{admonition} Serverless manages data tiers for you
> In {{serverless-full}}, data tiers are not configured directly by end users and are fully managed by Elastic.
> :::

Reviewer: I would be a little more vague with this content because I don't know if we're actually using tiers behind the scenes. Something liiiike:

```suggestion
:::{admonition} Serverless manages data storage for you
{{serverless-full}} scales with your workload and automates nodes, shards, and replicas for you.
:::
```

HOWEVER, poking and digging more makes me think that we should probably connect this note to the concept of the search AI lake, which provides a similar tuning capability in a totally different way (see the "optimized data storage" item [here](https://www.elastic.co/docs/deploy-manage/deploy/elastic-cloud/serverless#_benefits_of_serverless_projects))

to avoid this PR scope creeping any further, I'd remove the note you have added for now (just remove the front matter tag). After, add an issue to clarify this to handle separately (or you could just immediately open a followup PR). the reason I'm not just giving you copy is that we should probably run this language by product just in case

Author: Done. Opened https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/issues/1547
